There is a fracture in the hand, leg or back, the
doctor has asked for bed rest for two months, four months and six months.
In that case, you get
₹2000000 per week, yes friends, ₹
80000 per month, sitting at home in the name of bed rest.
You will
get this money for as long as the doctor recommends, two months, four months, six months,
one year. This money will keep coming into your account
according to your income and this is an amazing
opportunity. Friends, the plan of ICC Lord
is much cheaper than the term plan.
Accidental insurance means
that all types of accidents are covered,
slipping in the bathroom, falling from the stairs,
fighting, any kind of road
accident, any kind of natural
climate, any flood, storm.
What is the Family Accidental Family Shield Plan of ICC Lord and what
additional coverage is there in it, which you will not get to see or hear anywhere else in the entire market.
[Music]
Hello friends, today we are going to talk
about the Family Shield product of ICICI Lord. This is a
Friends, this is such an accidental policy that
you will not find the best in the market even if you search for it.
I am going to share its complete information with you in this video. My name is
Yogendra Verma. I am a health insurance
expert and have been helping people for the last 28 years and I
provide all the guidance
they need.
Please watch this video till the end, only then will you understand all the features and
detailing properly.
Friends, if you have come to the channel for the first time, you have to subscribe to the channel,
share it, comment on it and definitely
click on the bell icon, only then
you will keep getting all the latest updates.
So without any delay, let us quickly understand
what is this ICC Lombard Family Accidental Family Shield Plan and
what are the additional coverages in it, which
you will not get to see or hear anywhere else in the entire market. So, let me
quickly talk about some special
features.
Friends, ICC Lombard's plan is much cheaper than the term plan.
Accidental insurance
means that all types of accidents are
covered, slipping in the bathroom,
falling from the stairs, fighting, any
kind of road accident.  Any kind
of natural climate, any flood,
storm, terrorist attack, any
kind of road
accident in a plane, any kind of tsunami,
earthquake, flood, all kinds of natural climate,
all kinds of accidents are
covered by accident policy which
you must definitely take for yourself, you get
insurance of ₹ crore for 11500,
any working person between 18 years to 65 years can
take this policy for himself
and friends, there is another special feature here
which we call Temporary
Total Disability, due to which
accident policy is sold the most for working people,
what is its benefit, in case of
temporary disability, there is a minor accident, there is a
fracture in the hand, leg or back, the doctor
asked for bed rest for two months, four months, six months, in
that case Rs. 0000 per week, yes friends Rs.
0000 per week Rs. 80000  You get this money here in the name of bed rest while sitting at home for a month.
You will get this money for whatever time the doctor recommends you, two months, four months, six months,
one year. This money will keep coming into your account as per
your income and this is an amazing
opportunity. Let us talk about the
coverage in this now. There are
three main components which are covered here,
number one, section A, section B and
section C. This policy is available in three sections.
Any
kind of infectious disease is
covered under section A, which I will explain to you in detail now. If we
talk about section B, then there is
a feature of hospital daily cash, additional
rider, in which you can add
and C means any kind of personal
accident benefit which is death benefit,
it will be covered in this. Let us talk about the
number of base covers in this. If we talk about
section A, then there will be
six base covers. If we
talk about section B, then there will be one base cover and if we
talk about section C, then there will be 20 base
covers.  Talking about additional extensions, there is
no extension in Section A. There is one extension in Section B
and 17 extensions in Section C.
Talking about the overall total policies, there are
27 total base covers in it
and 18 total extensions in it,
which in itself is a very exclusive and
very tremendous benefit policy that
you are going to get. Let's talk about
what other additional things are covered in it, first of all there is
Section A Specific Vector Borne
Disease Benefit, which is very amazing, in
which you can use Specific Vector Borne Disease
Related Hospitalization Benefit.
You can decide the minimum and maximum amount according to the
sum assured,
which will be an inbuilt cover in it, for which an
initial waiting period of 30 days is
mandatory. And in the second part of Section A, there is
Rubefacient and Tetanus
Benefit, that is, if any
hospitalization is required due to tetanus due to a rheumatism, then
that treatment is also covered under this policy.
You can get it done on a cashless basis,
you can get it done on a reimbursement basis,
you can decide the time shot,
talk according to the insurance you are taking, if death occurs due to some rubs and tetanus, then
that is also covered in it,
yes friends, that is also covered in it and this Once is the
first such policy which is
covering such things and for section A, the initial
waiting period of 30 days is mandatory,
which you should always keep in mind,
point number three for section A, I have just
told two, the third point is specific gastro-nastier
infection benefit, there is any specific
gastro-nastier infection benefit,
for which hospitalization is required, then that will also be
covered in it, you can decide,
number four I am talking about section A,
specific viral infection benefits,
viral infections are never covered in any accidental policy,
but
this Once is a kind of different separate
policy in which viral infection is also covered in this  It is
covered in the policy in which you
can claim the hospitalization expenses here. Here
you will have to select the insurance amount yourself.
How much minimum and maximum you want to take. When you
take the policy, we will guide you.
We will also tell you how much maximum and how much minimum you can take.
For this also, an initial waiting period of 30 days will be
mandatory. Five
specific nervous system infection
benefits in section A. If you have any infection related to the nervous system due to
which
hospitalization happens,
you can choose the minimum and maximum safe shot here.
And these are five such benefits which are
covered under section A, which are once in a kind of separate,
very unique features are
here. Talking about section B,
daily cash benefits are available in section B,
which will be available for different things
like hospital.
Whenever there is a hospitalization under daily cash benefits,
you can choose the limit of days.  You can,
minimum and maximum are given in it,
when you take the policy, we
will guide you in detailing that too in it, there are some
extension covers in it, which we will talk about,
incentive care unit of extensions,
if there is a need to be admitted in ICU, in
one extension there is
a normal admission of ICU, then the
normal one which you
choose will be available and in case of ICU,
double of the sum shot, an amount will be
prefixed here, in case of ICU,
you can choose here according to how much you want to take,
section C which is very important while taking the policy, which is called
accident injury
benefits, any kind of accidental injury,
all those things will be covered in it and
what are these benefits, number one, it has every
kind of death benefit cover in which there is
accidental death and death due to
accident injury and total benefit will be
covered in it, permanent total disability  If
two parts of the body are
permanently disabled due to an accident, that too
is covered in it. Accident and Permanent Partial
Disability. If a single part of the body is
permanently disabled, then
also it is covered in it. Money is given according to the particular part
and number four which is the most
important is the one which I told in the beginning,
TTD Temporary Total Disability. In the
case where the doctor recommends that
you have suffered a major
injury or injury in your hands, legs or back due to which battery
is mandatory, in that case you
get money on per day basis, sorry per week basis.
You can take money according to your income, maximum Rs. 00 per week and Rs. 80000 per month. The
amazing feature is the next
Advanced Adventure Sports Benefits. If
you participate in adventure sports
and you have taken a rider, then
for that too, if there is death or permanent
road disability, then according to that
also, any  If there is any expense, there is any death or
missing happening, then this will also be covered in it.
This is the fifth benefit and number six is
Children's Education Grand Benefit. If there is
any missing, if your children are minors, then the
company provides a lump sum amount for that too.
Next, Orphan Benefits:
Under Orphan Benefits, expenses of the
insured dependent children on death of
both parents. If both the parents miss out
due to any major accident,
then in Orphan Benefits also a lump sum amount is available
for the children because it is a very
unique and good benefit. Let's
talk about its section.
Parental Care Benefit: In Parental Care Benefits,
in case of death or permanent disability, the
company will provide some lump sum amount for your insured dependent parents.
You
can choose this benefit as per your minimum or maximum requirement.
Choose this option while taking the policy.
Accident Hospitalization
Expense Benefit will have to be done. Whether you have a health
insurance policy or not, if you want your
treatment due to an accident to be covered under it, then here also
you can choose the minimum and maximum benefits. Up to what
amount of hospitalization you want to
cover due to accident, you
can choose that too here. Accidental
Hospitalization Daily Gas Benefit: Yes,
you
can choose the amount per day for the number of days you will be admitted in the hospital due to the accident. You will also get this money per day.
Common Carrier Accident
Benefit: Common Carrier Accident Benefit
means that in which there is any death
or permanent disability
arising due to the accident of the common
carrier in which the insured was travelling.
Common travelling means your
public carriers through which you
travel regularly, then you
can cover that too in this, so in that case also a
benefit minimum and maximum is given to you while
taking the policy.  You
can take as much time as you want. Whenever something like this happens,
you will get this money as an add-on extra money. Next loan protection
benefit: Or if you have any loan running, then
while taking the policy you can also get that loan protected in it.
If any mishap happens to you, then the
lump sum money will be available
for this loan carrier as well. Your lump sum money will be
available for loan repayment protection,
which is very useful.
Whatever outstanding loan is running will be repaid from here. Assault
benefit:
In the assault benefit, injury due to an accident
which is a violent crime, Bhagwan Nagar, if such a thing happens to
anyone but you have taken this option, then
this option is also available in it. In this,
assault benefit requires the
insured person to be
hospitalized for more than 48 hours, more than two days.
If there is a need to be admitted
and something like this has happened to someone, then in that
too you can take the lump sum money here
which you have decided and
benefit from mysterious depin  This is very special, many
times people go missing, their
death is not known, they have not even returned home, they have gone
somewhere, where they have gone, nothing is
known, in that case also the company has
given this rider which you can choose.
Disappeared after 12 months: It has been more than a year since a
common carrier accident in which the person was travelling, through
whichever
local travel he used to work, he used to come and go,
after that he has disappeared, he is not
found, what has happened or not happened, and
for that disappearance also
you can take lump sum money here, next in this there are
five-six
benefits and what is reconstructive
surgery benefit, reconstructive surgery, if someone
needs expenses related to
a reconstructive surgery required for a
treatment of an accident injury, if a
reconstructive injury
is required due to such an accident, then also you
can choose the riders in advance, we never know  Look, the
future is uncertain. While purchasing the policy, please choose
all these riders on the maximum side, minimum
side or medium side so
that if anything happens,
all these things will be covered for you. Next, let's talk about
Catastrophic Evacuation Benefits. If there are
any expenses towards the evacuation
following a catastrophic natural
calamity in which the insured person
suffers an accident injury, then also you will get this lump sum
benefit here whenever such a thing happens.
Next, Physical
Rehabilitation Benefits. If there are any physical
expenses in cold or physical rehabilitation
following an accident injury, then also you
can avail lump sum benefit here.
You have to choose the amount here. Loss of Job
Due to Accident: If you lose your job due to a major accident, then
in case of loss of job due to permanent total disability and permanent partial disability, the company will provide you a lump sum amount.
Whatever you have
chosen while taking the policy, recovery
benefit recovery benefits are very good
benefits. Pay out of a defined sum
in case of hospitalization of more than five
days. If you are hospitalized for more than five days due to an
accident injury, then
you will get a claim sum in the name of recovery benefit and in addition to
tax benefit, in addition to tax,
reimbursement of expenses in card and
diagnosis tests and other expenses due to an accident.
If due to an accident the doctor has
asked you for some particular test
after discharge, then
you can also get those expenses reimbursed. Such
features are also available here. Here
you will get as much as the expenses incurred.
Talking about extension benefits, which
are amazing in themselves, like lifestyle
support benefit, these are very wonderful
extension riders which include house,
vehicle, office modification and procedures
expenses arising out of permanent total
disability or
In case of permanent partial disability, if your lifestyle is getting affected or is
in problem, then you
can decide the LSM benefit for that too here,
minimum or maximum, whichever you want to choose.
Last Rites Benefit: Last Rites
Benefit includes
expenses arising due to transportation of mortal remains and
its funeral. In case of death and due to
accident, if death occurs due to accident,
then in that case the expenses of bringing the mortal remains are also
covered in it, that amount also you
can take prefix LSM. Counselling
Benefit: If any expenses are incurred for the
insured person and the nominee on professional
counselling due to permanent disability
and death of the insured person, if something like this happens
in someone's family that the person has a
permanent disability
or due to the death of that person,
personal counselling of his nominee is done.  If
needed, you can include those expenses as well.
This money will also be available in lump sum.
Next, let's talk about
repatriation in case of permanent
disability benefit. Repatriation includes your
expenses arising out of
transportation of the insured person in
case of permanent total disability due
to an accident. Even if
such an accident has happened outside India, you
can cover it here. The
company provides the cost of bringing him here.
Pre and post accident hospitalization
expenses benefit (pre and post hospitalization
expenses) can also be claimed here, in
which you should have that concern due to the accident. You will
get it here on the basis of the expenses incurred. Next, air
ambulance benefits, these are the terms you
can choose. The extension is the expenses for
air ambulance
services due to accident injury.
Next,
comatose benefit is the
accident injury which results in the
insured.  Person being in a state of coma
If someone goes into a coma situation
within 30 days from the case of accident, then
also these benefits are given to you. Lump sum. Whatever
you have decided at the time of taking the policy, that
money will be given to your nominee.
Next Broken Bonus Benefit If any
broken bonus occurs due to an accident, then
also a lump sum benefit is given here.
Expenses in case of fracture due to a
fracture, travel due to an accident injury, then
lump sum benefit is given here. Last but not the least, there are
some more features. Compassionate
Visit Benefit Compassionate Visit Expenses
insured in case of travel of immediate
family member to the place of hospital of the
insured in case of death or permanent total
disability and Broken Bonus 50% of the
insured. In that case, travel expenses of one immediate
relative are given here.
Here the company provides some
more  There are seven riders, such as your bonus
benefit. Bonus benefit is very special. If you have a
bonus, then you have taken the option of
second and third degree bonus, then in that case there are
lump sum benefits. Here the company
provides you ambulance charges
benefit, which you have decided in lump sum,
minimum and maximum amount. If you
need an ambulance, then
you can also take reimbursement of that here.
Next, chauffeur cash benefit, what is included in chauffeur cash
benefits, friends,
expenses in course due towards hire of
chopper on accident of a temporary
disability arising out of an accident injury
as extension of temporary total
disability. In this case, if there is any temporary
total disability, in that case the lump sum
benefits which you take will be decided by the policy holder,
minimum or maximum, that too
you can claim here. Skill development
benefit in case of death or permanent
disability or  Permanent Partial Disability
Additional payout to nominee Insured towards enrolment
in any skill
development course If the person has died
and the nominee has to get admission in any skill development
course, then
you have chosen this rider for that also, then this money will
also be given to your nominee On Duty
Enhanced Benefit The On Duty Enhanced Benefit will have
additional coverage for on-duty
accidental death and in case of permanent road disability
If any death occurs on duty, then
this amount will also be
given extra to the nominee Home Tuition
Benefits Daily payouts in Home Tuition Benefits
for available home tuition in case of
accident injury to covered dependent
child If something happens to the main person who has met with the accident, then
home tuition daily benefits for his children will be
covered here
You have to choose this amount first while buying the policy, only
then will you get it Outstanding Bills
Payment Benefits You have also chosen this option  If yes, then it
also has an amount
prefixed to it, but it will be applicable only in the case where there is
death or permanent total
disability Last Not Least
Surgery Benefit Payment of X expenses
in case of related surgery Major surgery
required for the treatment of an
accident injury If
any major surgery is required due to any accident, then also
you can avail the sum benefit here
This policy is available for all types of people,
whether you are a Chinese, whether you are
in the middle income group, or you are
in the lower income group You can manage all types of options
under this policy To
protect yourself and your family, it is very
important for you to take this accidental policy I
hope you have understood this family shield policy We
provide this plan all over India,
give us a chance to serve you once Hello, your friend
Yogendra